Hello, everybody. Welcome to Meltdown. Harmontown is now in session. I'm your little old
comptroller, Jeff Davis. Please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Den Harmon.
What a lively crowd. It's not just like eight people that are going to bump everybody else
out. It's actually a lively crowd. You can never tell from listening. Is there a bachelorette
party out there? Everyone else is not actually that excited. It's just Caroline and her friends.
We made them wait. It's eight. It's eight. Oh, it's a little late. It's eight fifteen.
We made them wait seven minutes longer than normal. Yeah, they're five hours. They're
kicking in. Okay. Well, look, I'm glad your energy is up. Mine's a little down. My body's
sore. Football practice started. Somebody just registers as a joke that I'm playing softball
at all. My animation studio, Star Burns Industries, has a softball team in some kind of league,
and we got together to practice, and it's looking pretty grim. But it was kind of nice. I was
dreading the actual experience myself, but I actually kind of enjoyed being out there.
I didn't die. But two days later, it's like, you know, you don't exercise at all, and you
go to the gym, and you feel great. And then two days later, all those torn muscles that
are now repairing themselves or whatever, however muscles work. All of a sudden, you're
all sore. That's where I'm at. So whatever. Who cares? Go fuck yourself. We were thinking
about, because of the scheduling conflict, because we're going to be playing softball
on Monday nights, we came this close to taking a little hiatus from our Harmontown meetings.
And then we told them, melt down that, and they were all bumped out, and they said, what
about Sundays? So starting May 6th, for those of you who come to the shows here in LA, we're
going to be moving to Sundays at eight for at least a couple of months. I think that's
a better night. I can hear a couple people crying. But who's got the biggest conflict
with somebody going to be unable to come from now on? Is your waving your hand back there?
What's wrong? Why can't you come? How much are they paying you? Because we'll double
them. What do you do for a living? We're at Cheesecake Factory. I don't know what to say
to them. It's not that easy for everybody. You can't swap out with somebody on a Sunday
night? Monday night, rather? You're a big wheel in Cheesecake Town? He said he's a very important
member of the Cheesecake Team. I don't know what the... Yeah, I didn't want to suggest
that he quit. I mean, it could be an important step in the right direction for him. We don't
know. Erin McGathy, my girlfriend, has recently become a cake maniac. She's making a million
cakes a day. She made several cakes for tonight. She made one for Emily. I think it must be
Emily's birthday or anniversary of her cat or something. She made one cake and then she
made another cake in honor of a movie we watched when we couldn't find the movie that I said
we were going to watch, which is The Abominable Dr. Fibes. So I didn't see that. Nor did I.
I couldn't find it. It wasn't on Netflix or Hulu or any of the thing in the Apple TV's.
My video store didn't have it. We bought it on Amazon. You bought it? We'll label it
for next time. What's your name, ma'am? Marcy. Marcy? Okay, bring out the cake. The squeaky
wheel always gets the grease at Harmontown. I figured... It's a beautiful Jaws 4 cake.
There's a little chocolate Mario Van Peebles getting eaten to death. Even though in the
movie he doesn't really die, spoilers, Mario Van Peebles gets placed in the shark's mouth
gently and lowered into the ocean by this helicopter-like shark. And then he pops up
at the end and says, yeah, man, you thought I was dead, but I wasn't, man. And he talks
just like that in the movie for real. Is that the movie where they use the flash in the
camera to make the shark go crazy? Yeah, yeah. And then you find out the sharks have vocal
core and the shark goes, no! And then Mrs. Brody rams the shark with the... What do you
call it? The bousprix or the shark impaler on the front of the boat. And the shark explodes.
It explodes on contact with the thing. And so to make sense, they intercut it with Roy
Scheider saying, smile you son of a bitch from the first movie so that you think, well, maybe
it kind of exploded reminiscently. And then it goes down and there's a piece of wood kind
of halfway through the shark, right? Yeah. I'll tell you, that shark was as abominable
as Dr. Fibes himself. Thank you for all the trouble you went through to watch that movie
that I didn't watch. Here's Marcy, this is your shark cake. She has to leave. You have
to leave. I'm sorry, you can't have that cake in here. You can't have your cake in Harmon
Town too. No, that's just the shark damage. You're looking at dismembered Van Peebles
and saying it's been partially eaten, but that's all part of the verisimilitude of the
cake. There was a while there in movies where they were making animals yell that they don't
have vocal cords or voice boxes. I'm pretty sure an arachnophobia, it was a spider, and
I was like, ahhhh. There was a spider that popped a wheelie and came at you and yelled
at you. You'll make a lot of crazy choices when you're looking down the barrel of a
stinker in the final audio mix. You got that big board in front of you and a whole computer
and you're just like, juice the spiders. I'm looking at a Jeff Daniels vehicle here.
I thought it seemed like a good idea on paper, but it's not. Give the spiders some juice.
That's what they did on the Exorcist when they made the devil sound like some bees in
a box or something. I probably don't have to tell you this, but I'm feeling a little
off tonight. For that reason, I've surrounded myself with a blanket of friends who to give
me energy and offset my softball soreness. Let's keep this bullet train on the tracks
and bring up my friend Duncan Tressel. Duncan Tressel! Grab any mic you like. Wherever
you're comfortable, buddy. Thank you. It's good to have you back. Thanks, Dan. Thank
you. Good to be here. I thought we could bring you out here and keep the spirits up because
I know your mom just died. Yeah, I'm grieving. Is it true? Yeah. I don't know why I'm so
happy about it. You're handling it awfully well. I told you a couple episodes ago about
Duncan actually podcast his mom's death bed. I don't know how else to put it. Yeah, I
always heard that. I mean, it wasn't technically, she died on a different bed, so I was like,
the bed before death bed? Whatever you call that. It was the anti-death bed. Yeah, exactly.
I mean, he sat with her. I mean, I know that doesn't sound like a sale. If I heard that
on paper, I wouldn't be like, I'm going to listen to that on the way to work and slam
dunk that pitch. But it's a transcendental experience. It's incredibly, it's neither saccharine nor
is it depressing. It's just transcendental and uplifting. I mean, it's a guy talking
to you. Thank you. And I mean, it was so important for you to do that because there would have
been so easy not to. There's so many reasons not to do that. Yeah. Well, she wanted to
do it. See, I was sort of, I was putting it off because she had said, you know, we should
probably do one of your podcasts. And I just, the whole experience, are your parents still
alive? Yeah. See, well, the whole experience is not what you expect when one of your parents,
the problem with it is it's just not what you expect. And all these crazy defense mechanisms
start floating up from inside of you that you did, they like, like denial of the experience
or well, basically, like I've, well, many, many years ago, for some reason, I did some
volunteer work at a hospice and they sort of walk you through the death process. And
one of the things that they said was people die like they live. So when you're dying,
you sort of, it's like your life repeats over the course of two or three weeks. It just,
you go through every single pattern. You like all those patterns that you keep repeating
and repeating and repeating. So I'm just going to play Minecraft. Yes, you will. No, you'll
play video games and then also any kind of relationship stuff that you have, you'll probably
relive in any kind of like, you know, that, that, that track that you're always that people
are inevitably on the repeating track that happens again and again in your life, like
some weird echo, that echo happens super sped up when you're dying and it doesn't just happen
to you. It happens to the people around you. They start reliving all the old patterns.
So what I was doing while my mom was dying is I went into the basement and just started
playing Starcraft, just playing Starcraft to try to like, you know, escape. Cause when
I was like,
Okay. So I'm sorry. So the cycles that are happening, are they happening to the, to
the person that's dying or? Yeah. And you said it's also happening to everyone.
All your defense mechanisms kick in because you're, you're sort of standing at the brink
of infinity. You're in the presence of absolute truth that there's, you can't escape from.
There's no way to bargain with it. You can't. So what happens is all your defense, you try
to stick your head in any kind of sand that you can find to escape from the, you know,
avoid basically. So, but your mom, your relationship with your mom, I was surprised to hear this
cause I would have guessed just through natural parental math that your parents were either
truck drivers or football coaches. Right. Yeah.
Because you are this Zen guy was like into the, like from the bag of Ed Geeta to the
Dowdy Jig and everything in between. There's actually only a couple of things in between
those two. It's a, but, but, but you are your, your, your brain is this, this spiritual,
you know, a tree branching out into everything, the roots drinking deeply from everything
beneath you and the leaves. I love you. I love you too. God, I wish I was like that.
But then, but then the podcast started rolling. I was like, okay, what is this going to be?
First of all, I expected to hear like the, the, the Darth Vader sound of an air device,
you know, like, yeah, I ex, and I definitely expected her to be in firm vocally, you know,
that she, like, like that would be this horrible experience of listening to a person that wasn't
able to live anymore. And, but beneath all of those very surfacey expectations, I also
expected her to not have a personality as much like yours. And it's not an exact match,
but, but she's, she's seen, almost seems like she was some kind of mentor to you.
She was. Yeah. She was, she definitely wasn't a lot of ways. She's, she's the, I mean, yeah,
that, I would go, it's going through her books that I first found the Bhagavad Gita or found
any kind of Eastern religion or anything like that.
So that means that your dad must have been.
No.
Okay.
Well, no, my dad is just this crazy. Yes. My dad is the, where I rebelled from because
my dad is this like he, when I was a kid, I grew up in the South and he used to take
me hunting and I hated hunting. I didn't want to go hunting. And so I'd end up sitting
in the back of this truck with, cause when you go dove hunting, you just, you don't
kill a few doves. You kill piles, like,
You're killing doves? Is it even a thing? I didn't even know.
Yeah. Oh yeah. They kill doves. They go out and they just shoot doves.
That's like killing Christmas trees.
Yeah.
I guess they do that too. I guess that's how they become Christmas trees.
I didn't think the doves on the trees were also had to be, no, yeah, we would hang doves
on the trees. Dove corpses on the tree. The, the, um, so I would like one story that my
dad likes to bring up when he's, when he's, uh, around his Southern friends or drinking
is like, I took you on and you're sitting in the back of the truck and you started trying
to breathe life back into the doves bodies.
And you're star man. Yeah. Yeah. So that's probably where they're, they're,
You think you're star man? You ain't no star man.
Yeah. Yeah. That's probably the, um, where the rebellion thing happened.
Right. Your dad was corporeal. Your dad was visceral. He was, he was of, of the mortal
coil.
That's right. Exactly. Yeah. That's exactly right. But still a really cool, interesting
Southern guy. Um, but yeah, you know, I read, uh, one of your blogs to my mom on her pre
death.
Oh, that's right. Justin said something.
She thought it was so fucking funny, man. You made somebody with late stage cancer
authentically laugh and she compared you to, uh, she said that you remind her of Dylan
Thomas. I know, I know. I got a text message about it and I wrote it down. Uh, I mean that,
that was incredibly flattering, but it put me at this weird, strutting the spotlight
on, cause I was being a voyeur, watching you in this relationship with your mom and her
death and all this stuff. And I am a rampant narcissist. I will insert myself into anything
wrap, bend everything toward me. Like my, my ego has just, it's, it's like some singularity.
It just has, it's like, it's the size of a penny, but has the gravity of Jupiter. It
just, I, I, I play that unassuming, like, oh, a little old me game. And he just sucked
into me. Everything's about me. 10 seconds before the word I or me comes into it. It
doesn't matter what we're talking about. And, and so I was listening to that and I, I was
thinking in my head, I was like, I wonder what she'd think of, uh, my, my writing. There
you go. No, she thought it was, she thought it was hilarious, man. But you know, she was,
she, she was, by that time the cancer had gone into her brain.
Only the, only the taste center, uh, all her other faculties about her. The grain of salt.
The last thing she said is, man, those Ernest movies. I wish, I wish he had gone to one
more place and Dan Harmon's like Dylan Thomas. But anyways, I thank you so much for having
done that because I don't, I mean, I won't like, I'll, I'll have an experience. Well,
if I'm, if I'm, if I'm, if I'm quote unquote lucky, either, either I will die before my
mom or, or, or my mom will die before me, but it, uh, assuming my mom will die before
me, I don't know why I'm qualifying all of us because I'm superstitious and weird and
death is fucking weird and even, even viewed from, from the deer blind of, of, of, of it
not being reality. Like it already starts to get awkward and weird and you, you want
to knock on wood after everything you say and you want the dying to be invisible, which
is why it's, it makes it already hard process, even harder. And, and, and that tunnel is
what you go through when you listen to that podcast episode, you come out the other side,
it's only for a moment because already I feel weird about death again, but, but for that,
that, that, that period of time and all day at work that day, it was like, fuck man, so
much shit that I was afraid of, uh, you know, is not, it's, it's not a thing to be afraid
of.
It isn't, you know why it's not a thing to be afraid of? Because you can't understand
it. It's impossible to understand it. It's not anything that you expect. You can't, being
afraid is every see, it's kind of like any reaction you have to death is like kicking
sand at Godzilla. It's a, there's no reaction you can have to it because it is, it's, it's
a singularity and it's in, so there almost seems to, it seems pointless to contemplate
it too much, even though all the, a lot of Eastern traditions say that, uh, meditation
is the preparation for death, you know, because when you, I guess it's kind of like you don't,
if you can avoid it, you don't want to relive your life in the last two weeks of your life.
If you can avoid it, you want to have this stable, steady thing and not go into all the
old neurotic aspects of your life because it's, because it's a terrifying, I mean, now
I was just saying, don't be afraid of it. Now I'm saying it's fucking scary, but you
can't breathe, you're in pain. They put you, they, it's, it's really, I haven't, I haven't
really, um, I'm, my brain is still stuttering from it and, and my therapist says it's like
at least six months.
Well that's the other thing I wanted to ask you about is now you, and you went on tour
right after, right as it was happening and, and, and now you're back and, and I know you
were via Dustin, who's, you know, he's a little, he's a little gossip, he said that you were,
you know, having trouble, uh, getting out of the house and feeling a little, like,
Yeah, I'm depressed.
Yeah.
I'm, uh, but, and that's not grief is depression, but I've retired. What I do is I buy robots
and feed birds and just sit, like, my brain is reacting in this weird way where I bought
a Roomba, I, I bought lights that I controlled my phone and a, and a bird feed bird feeders.
So I just sit with the Roomba and you're still breathing life back into birds.
Oh, yeah.
No, I'm not. I'm killing them. I've, I, so I'm sitting on my porch. I've got,
You didn't mix up the robot food with the bird food.
You sent Roomba a soul.
No, I, you know, I've set up my porch for this to, like, it's a place to read. I've got wind
chimes, a fountain, a bird feeders, and I've,
Have you bought all that stuff recently?
Yeah. It's all part of this.
Really all of that?
All part of this.
I was just over at your place for your birthday.
Well, there's a whole package at hospitals. You can buy as a wind chime bird feeder porch
swing package.
You, well, yeah, I got all of that. I don't know what it is. Like everyone's telling me
you're grieving. So you're going to go crazy. So let yourself go crazy. And the more you
let yourself go crazy and be impulsive, the faster you'll get through it. So for me, that
going crazy was, Oh, I'll buy a robot vacuum cleaner and hummingbird feeders. And the,
so I'm sitting on the porch proud of myself because all the birds finally came to the
feeder and it's covered in birds. And I'm watching the birds and I feel like the God of birds.
Like when you have bird feeders, you get this weird sense of like, this is because of me.
I am your Lord. And I bring the food. It is, we're starving before that.
Maybe if somebody, yeah, they're starving. Maybe if somebody wronged you.
You just changed migration routes and now they're all going to die eventually cause they came
out of their way.
Well, no, it already happened. Like I'm sitting there when chimes are chiming the fountain.
It's so peaceful and a bird just like rockets right into my fucking window right in front
of me.
It's right in front of me. And I go over to it. It's little and I had seen it. I went
to its body and a little trickle of red was coming out of it's feet cause it broke its
neck. I'd seen that bird on the feeder earlier in the day.
Was it a hummingbird?
No, it was a Finch.
Yeah. Cause they, okay.
The hummingbirds don't hit the window there. They seem like they would be incapable of
that.
You know, the secret is you have to dress like a hawk.
I sit on my porch dressed as a hawk.
You have to get a, a, a hawk cut.
This is your origin story of your new super villain character.
You have to strike fear into those you love. It's very complicated, but the Batman version
has been taken.
You know, you want to be a superhero these days. You got to get, you got to get labyrinthine.
Oh yeah. That's a great, I would do, I would do that.
I mean, you would dress like a hawk.
Fuck yeah. I dress like a hawk.
You're on record. We're recording this.
I'll dress like a hawk and sit on my porch.
All right. You heard it here.
It's a weird, I got to tell you though, it's a very strange dimension that we're existing
in when you, and that's why bird feeders are cool, because you just consider what's happening.
It's such a bizarre thing from the perspective of the bird, which is this giant tower of
meat, like this HP Lovecraft couture thing, the opposite of the bird is like, put these
things out and they don't understand what I have and I stink to them.
I like, yeah, there's some weird smells that birds hate is coming off of me and they sit
and, but they want to eat the food. So they sit and eat and like peer around and look
and then eat and constantly, yeah, they must live in constant, whatever their version of
fear is because they're surrounded by mammals that, and 90% of them will hurt them if they
grab them, but then some 10% of them don't, but they probably can't tell the difference
between a cat and a dude.
They're just all, yeah, they're always, yeah, they exist in a hell world where one raw
man moves, like, like, like, you know, like, yeah, that's why they're always ball players
in an old movie, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, and yeah, they, they, and I, I was watching them
before the bird died and I was thinking, I bet there's an older bird somewhere being
like, don't go to those feeders. It's cursed near the feeders. You go near the feeders
and you're cursed by the Lord of Birds. And then one of them smacked right into the window.
He's like, see the price is death from the, he just, he just fell right out of the air.
Yeah.
It is nothing. It's like he hit a force field.
That's what it is.
You know what a force field is, but you don't know what a window is.
Season. We, we're trying to season, but we don't have hands. The bird equivalent of
seizure. Yeah. I don't know what's natural for a bird though. They're probably, I mean,
they don't know, like, like, like, like, like, what are they, I guess digging up a worm like
in some cartoon, like, they got to be thinking someone put that there too. What am I talking
about?
I should just shoot myself right now. Thanks guys. Thanks. I'll keep saying that once or
a week until I stop getting that reaction. And then boom, I know you're conflicted about
that.
A guy, a guy did that. Remember the guy who did that a while ago? In an open mic, a guy
stabbed himself to death.
What?
You guys didn't hear about that?
Yeah.
This is in Colorado.
Anthony Jeselnick.
It was like, it was like a couple of days ago.
It's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's,
it's, it's fucking.
Yeah.
What, no, what happened?
Well, the story is like he came on stage and he just played some song. I can't, I think
the song was like, it had something to do with like, sorry for the mess was the name
of the song. And then he just started jamming a knife.
Where was this?
This is in Colorado. So he just, I don't, I don't know. Just some shitty open mic,
you know, like,
Did he die?
Oh, he died.
Yeah.
He went up, he went up and murdered himself in front of an audience.
Yeah. He stabbed himself to death in front of a crap.
Who's a shit?
I, I,
It's a terrible thing to do.
To other people.
It is true.
You've talked about that.
Suicide is actually like a very selfish, you know, it's like the, the amount of gravity
that you exert on other people's lives when you, when you, when you, when you take yourself
out of the picture.
Oh yeah.
It's a, yeah, I mean, yeah, it's definitely a, those, those, I mean that in particular,
I think suicide, suicide when you have some kind of chronic illness or something is, is
totally cool.
No, no, no, no.
Let him.
I think it should be illegal.
No, no, no.
All right.
Let's, let's, let's, let's keep the bullet train moving.
You stay here.
Let's bring up another friend.
Mr. Greg.
Mr. Greg Prups.
Your microphones in your, in your tickets.
Oh man.
I just realized that, is that, is that, is that why the extra energy when I, when I took
the stage, are there proof-of-files that, that are, that are, all right, good?
I don't, I don't mean to say that harmonians are, are a bunch of sluggish oafs.
No, but proof-of-files and harmonians can learn to live together, like the Czechs and
the Slovaks did for all those years.
What makes a proof-of-file a proof-of-file?
What, what, what says them apart?
I think a certain.
If I could walk like a proof-of-file.
I mean, a Joie de Vieve, a certain Jeanne-Séquin, a certain, a sense of denial, goes into every
day of living.
I mean, yeah, a total, like, actually, moronic, I mean, you're a proof-of-file, it's like,
God.
Think about how fruitless that is, as a pursuit, and then you get a good idea of why proof-of-files
follow it.
I think it's not a Sisyphusian pushing the rock up the hill, and then the rock rolls
back down the hill kind of thing.
Either that, or some hilarious sitcom reference from the 70s.
Yes.
More of a Starsky and Hutchian than a Sisyphusian.
Right.
Hey, don't count it.
I know from your perspective, you think that that's like, no, they just stare at me blankly
all the time, too.
Oh, I know.
I know.
There's Starsky and Hutch.
They're like, what?
Who is the Starsky and Hutch you speak of when television was powered by water?
Greg, have you met Duncan before?
You guys pals?
I haven't, and I've been very moved by what Duncan was saying.
You're an extraordinary person.
You're very brave, and you're very funny, and I adore your podcasting right on, buddy.
Thank you very much.
Thank you, Greg.
Thanks.
That's amazing.
Thank you.
I think he's been marvelously genuine tonight, something that I'm terrible at.
I wanted you guys to, I wanted to see what would happen if, because I don't know, I have
like three friends.
Certainly not.
But I mean, I was like, a lot of people have like 20 or 30 people that they call friends,
and then they have like, let's say 150 people that they call something else, like acquaintances
or something.
And I have like three people that are my friends, only because they're the only people that
can tolerate texting me and then not me not responding, because I was like, it's Jeff
and Dina.
Are you that person?
You don't respond?
Yeah, I guess.
Really?
No.
No?
I don't.
I'm terrible at answering emails.
And I do the exact same thing, Dan, and it's a problem because people take it the wrong
way.
They think it means you don't love them, but it's just.
So then we can be friends.
Oh yeah.
We already are friends.
You already haven't responded to several of my emails.
Yeah.
This is great.
It's like the honeymoon.
You'll be friends, but you'll never, ever have lunch together.
No, because you'll never be able to finish that series of texts.
Exactly.
You really have to love drinking a block from my house in order to become really tight with
me.
Right.
I feel like I'm raising up in this friend state here.
Now that you've got the house, Dan, and I think we could have all predicted this, that
I see you Monday nights here at Harmontown, and if I go to your house, I don't work at
Starbucks Industries, and other than that, that's where you're going to be.
Yeah.
I'm getting bad.
And I'm sinking into it.
I was like, I'm a proud Minecraft addict.
Like I'm just like, I'm so, I just, like, it's obscene.
What are you working on?
What's the new task in Minecraft that you're doing?
I've loaded up Minecraft with all these mods that let you make all these different things.
So I'm working on making a nuclear reactor, and I have a, I created my sixth solar panel.
So I'm just proudly going to the point where solar energy, what's that going, yeah, like
Korea.
Well, it doesn't matter.
I mean, like, if, if, if, if, if, if what was going on with me was interesting, I wouldn't,
you know, I wouldn't be surrounding myself with entertaining people.
When you leave the house to come to Harmontown, say tonight, I go, I go, oh fuck, what am
I going to talk to them about, Minecraft?
Why not?
I hope Greg Proups and Duncan Trussell show up.
Greg, do you play video games?
What?
You don't play video games.
No.
I, but you know what, I don't, I don't, I don't shame people who do.
Uh, I don't.
You just did.
Yeah.
The, the inflection.
It wasn't intentional.
The inflection was there.
The inflection was, the inflection is you're counting lashes when you're whipping Jesus.
Wow.
Because you know, Jesus had his bad side.
Let me, let's not, let's not get, you know, you're being just.
He was asking for it.
Exactly.
You're being, you're making a value judgment, Duncan.
I'm sorry.
Uh, maybe my, my, my tomb or my tone indicated that I, that I, that I was diminishing people
who play games.
But I think it's marvelous when people let their creativity run rampant, uh, in that
area.
It's simply not for me.
I think it's a generational thing.
I was born in the middle of a war.
I was born in a crossfire hurricane.
And I had a hound in my mouth and they're driving right.
Yeah.
I was down.
So the thing is.
Well, there's a healthy use of your time.
Yeah.
I don't, uh, I like to read and watch old movies and lately because Jackie Robinson's
movie came out this week, 42, I went and saw it the other day and I have, and my wife,
you know, imagine her disappointment when I bring four different books about Jackie
Robinson out, including two that he's written.
I saw the poster at the grove and I was like, I bet Greg's happy about that, uh, the baseball
movie coming out.
Is it any good?
It was, it was a hagiographic, as we say, uh, it, it, it, it, it portrayed him in a way.
Uh, that,
What does that mean?
Hagiographic?
Hagiographic is like when you take someone's history.
Like for instance, if I were to write the history of Dan Harmon,
Go on.
Like all of a sudden you'd be, you'd be pounding over a typewriter and piece of paper coming
out and then there'd be stacks of them.
Right.
And then Steven J. Canada logo would happen.
The shot of the paper.
Yeah.
And then you, you, you take a sip from a bottle, but then we'd see in the garbage can
80 bottles.
Right.
And then all over the floor.
And a letter from my mom.
Right.
And a can of tin out that's been upturned and a cat that hasn't been fed into agents
and whatnot.
And I'd have an answering machine and there'd be six messages in a row all expository.
Right.
Hey, it's your editor.
Got another thing.
Every single one of them would explain your character.
Right.
This is your mom.
Why won't you call?
Right.
You know, one after the next.
Yeah.
That family, that 80s mom on the other end of the phone.
But then when you finally, when you like write the script that wins and, and you become
Dan Harmon and shit.
That's the moment we'd be like, I'm so grateful.
There's one thing I want to thank is God and shit.
They didn't do that.
So, okay.
So, well, they didn't wait.
They didn't know they didn't.
They had to be a human, but like, I know way too much about this.
And I don't want to stop your show.
Well, but I'm caught up on this word.
Hagiographic.
I just want to make sure.
Hagiography is taking the history of someone.
And can you spell that word?
Yeah.
H-A-G-I-O.
Can you mine it in Minecraft?
Yeah, I can.
No, not mine.
What's an O?
Oh, my man.
Wait, were you going to mine it?
No, I was going to mine it.
He was miming pulling a card.
If you remember the Seven Dorms, they worked in a mine all day.
So it's spelled like Hagi.
Yeah, it's a Greek word.
And I'm not certain what the prefix means.
But in essence, what it brought.
Easy, tiger.
I'll take it from here.
Thanks.
I know you've got some Asperger people here tonight.
Just some Goldberg people.
I know.
You have many thesaurus here and other tiny dinosaurs all around the audience.
It just means that it takes what was once a human experience and turns it into a movie experience.
For instance, you've seen, Jeff and I often talk about the movie Patton or Lawrence of Arabia,
which are great biopics, but they have nothing to do with the actual process.
There's not a single moment in the movie that probably happens.
Patton didn't jump out on a balcony and start shooting his pistols on a plane going by.
Maybe he did.
If he didn't, he ought to have, and that's what movies are about.
I hope he actually said in the hallway somewhere with sunlight coming in a bunch of windows,
I hope he said, is this some kind of sick joke?
An entire world at war?
Yeah.
God will not allow it.
That's my favorite part of the movie now.
Greg and I have done, we travel a lot together.
Greg and I will do the entirety of Patton together.
Oh, no, two and a half hours.
Yeah, it's horrible.
And that's the best part down.
An entire world at war, and I'm not allowed to be in it.
God will not allow this to happen.
I will be allowed to fulfill my destiny.
His will be done.
Patton's four black bellies standing there like,
You know, but that's why movies are good.
Because I once said to my wife, if movies aren't better than real life, I don't want to live.
Yeah, yeah.
Movies are an extrapolation on life.
They're a reflection.
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, a movie for better or for worse, the definition of it has become,
well, now it's been extended to three hours.
I don't know why that movement happened.
Why?
It has something to do with the same reason why in the 90s graphic design of posters went out the window.
It just became Denzel Washington's half of his face and half of whoever else's face was in the movie.
And then like a knife.
I thought that would never end.
But I think like I've seen some cool posters lately.
Like it seems like graphic designers have started to get paid again.
Yeah.
But I think that maybe editing entered that thing where they're like, wait a minute,
we don't have to do three passes on this movie.
Let's just make it three and a half hours long.
But you would think that the bottom line mentality would say, no, make it 90 minutes.
No, they don't.
So that we can show it in multiplyses.
Those bloody go-to-the-rings movies are like eight hours long each.
I guess, but they must make so much money that everyone's confusing that and going like,
sure, let your Brad Pitt movie about the invention of ping-pong be three hours long.
It'll be just like a Peter Jackson film.
I love that movie, by the way.
Hot balls.
The tiny net.
Have you heard of these new theaters that they have in Japan that are coming here?
They're in China.
Have you heard about these?
There's these new theaters, hardcore theaters that drop bubbles onto the audience
and have scent that they're sweet.
Yeah.
I can't wait.
Like South 50s.
The seat's vibrant.
Yeah.
That's coming back.
That the aspect of scent, like apparently it's coming to the United States soon.
But yeah, it's basically somehow their emulating smell,
which I've always wanted to see what that would be like.
Does anyone remember the book Brave New World by Aldous Huxley,
where you held onto two electrodes during the movie and they were called the filets?
So when people in the movie are raped and people in the movie are shot,
and while you're watching, you're like, oh.
Yes.
And I always thought that really nailed it.
Yeah.
Well, we're getting there.
I just put on one of those Oculus Rift things.
I don't know if you know.
This is like they're starting to ship the development kits for these things
that when I was in my 20s, there was this concept called virtual reality in the 90s.
Yes.
And everybody always looked at their hands.
Yeah, everyone was like, they inserted it into everything, Lucky Charms commercials
and virtual reality in it.
Like, oh, they'll never get my Lucky Charms if I won't go into virtual reality.
I'm not kidding.
That's really not an exaggeration.
There would be a shitty movie of the month would come out with Michael Douglas and Demi Moore,
and then they'd have just a scene in between blowjobs where she was in virtual reality.
Like the scene where they go into the office and look through a filing cabinet was replaced
with a scene of her putting on goggles and going into a virtual filing cabinet.
Yeah.
Anyways, lawnmower man, yada, yada.
Then we dropped it because it got so embarrassing.
It was like disco.
It was like we've got so...
As soon as New Year's of 2000 happened, we're like, enough with the goggles and the people
going like this.
No more strange days.
Because it never really happened.
Yeah.
And as this kid started a Kickstarter, a kid, I call him a kid.
He's probably under 50.
He started a Kickstarter and said, look, I don't know why we gave up on this.
We can do this.
This is a real thing.
And it just got flooded with money and flooded with agreements from software developers like,
yes, yes, let's fucking do this.
So anyways, my friend Justin Roiland, who's an insane...
He's the co-creator of Rick and Morty, and he's like this insane like collector of everything.
He got one of these development kits, brought it to the office.
I put on these goggles and I was like, I'm standing in Tuscany in a house and I moved
my head a little cautiously this way.
And there's shit over here.
And I'm everywhere.
I'm looking everywhere.
And there's Tuscany everywhere.
360 degrees of Tuscany, which I'm recommending is the title of my biopic.
Please, please let it be hagiographic.
It will be.
Yeah, because I've never been to Tuscany.
Because you know what, in the first scene, you're burning your canvas.
And just fuming over it.
You've spent hours painting it and you're just burning it.
And a wife that I've never had, but that's an amalgam of all of my girlfriends comes in
and goes, you need, you need.
And then someone rides up on a donkey and goes, this is from the Pope.
And you're like, shit.
Because you're in Tuscany.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, anyways, I don't know.
It's happening.
It's definitely happening.
Like one look through these things and just the realization that it's happening within
five years, because these things are super low resolution.
They don't have proximity sensors on them.
So when you move your head, you get motion sickness very quickly.
You get like a weird nausea because of little tweaks that they need to make to this thing.
Once they make those tweaks and increase the resolution of these things, it's like unbelievable.
I was talking to Rochester, they have a three month old baby.
And in two years, we're talking about the Oculus Rift.
That's going to be that baby's baseline.
They're going to start out there.
That's going to be so cool.
Yeah, but it's going to be a pair of Ray-Bans.
It's not going to be a fucking ridiculous set of goggles.
And then five years after that, it's going to be a patch you put on your temple.
Well, it'll be already inserted in the way.
I know this for a fact.
I predicted jet packs in the 80s.
Look, they happened eventually in the title sequence for the fall guy.
Because of this technology, this has created this philosophy that we're in a simulation.
This is something we always talk about, but they're testing right now.
Something that's actually accessible now, which is interesting because in Plato's cave,
he's using state-of-the-art technology to make his point.
Candles, shadows.
And I was like, think about it.
And if he was saying that to a caveman pre-fire,
they'd go, hey, man, listen, I know you're trying to tell me that life is a dream,
but I don't know fire yet, let alone controlling the shadows and stuff.
And this concept of actual video games have gotten so addictive and so immersive
that you and I kind of like talking about this have been on your podcast twice
and we keep talking about it.
I think there's two reasons we talk about it.
One, because there is a technological tsunami that's about to destroy society
because the moment the technology advances to the point where that reality becomes more amazing,
then this reality becomes indistinguishable from this reality.
When it becomes hagiographic, is that what you call it?
Life becomes vestigial.
When the myth is better than the reality.
Exactly, when that happens.
Like movies are to me.
Yeah, already people are hooked on World of Warcraft or even movies are on these very low res.
People won't want to travel, people already don't want to travel,
but people that feel like they should travel but don't have the...
I know Tuscany's probably beautiful, but I really liked looking at fake low res Tuscany
with motion sickness through a pair of goggles,
because it was more exciting because we have been as a species,
we are instinctively compelled to, I think, destroy ourselves.
We think create ourselves.
Campbell would say we have like a blueprint on our spinal cord.
That's why we create the gods that we worship.
We have this fantasy that our purpose is to be gods.
Our purpose is to create life.
Our purpose is to change the weather.
Our purpose is to defeat death.
Our purpose is to teleport.
Our purpose is to reach across the earth and grab the Loch Ness Monster by the neck
and use it for salting our pizza.
That's it.
That's the point of everything.
By the way, that's exactly what I would do with the Loch Ness Monster.
You know why?
Because he's spicy.
A lot of people don't think so because he's Scottish.
They think it's going to be bland.
It'll be salty because Scotland only has two spices.
Salt and booze.
Have you found that your pizza is salty?
Your salt and freedom!
Yeah.
You can take it away, man.
I thought you were going to take it away, man.
I'd like a Scottish pizza.
Can I get half Loch Ness salt, half freedom?
Aye.
That's all we got, man.
It'll be there in two and a half hours.
We're a little bit short tonight.
It's a great, great day for multi-car racing!
All right.
What were you going to say, Jeff?
Sorry.
Do you find that...
I took an accident workshop in Congress.
No, you didn't.
We should talk about that.
We should talk about that rather than...
Did you hear me?
Did you really?
Yeah.
Well, I didn't take it.
They gave it to me.
They thought that I would be better at improv if I knew how to say,
It's a great, great day for multi-car racing!
Every time someone said, Scottish!
So you're Jackie Stewart.
Yeah.
I'm a wart on Rich Little's taint.
His taint was pretty smooth.
Yeah.
That's the irony.
I think we already tried to...
The actual irony is, Rich Little's taint, incredibly distinctive,
resembled no one else's taint to the world.
A unique and singular taint.
A master impressionist.
His taint was just...
It was only his.
God broke the mold.
But no one could ever know, and that's why.
When virtual reality gets advanced enough,
you will be able to stand in his taint and look around.
This is Rich Little's taint.
That's not a day I look forward to talking about.
What you were speaking of before, I could thrill to,
but you guys travel, ever?
You travel, right?
Yeah, a little bit.
A little bit.
But you don't like traveling much, Dan, do you?
Me and Jeff, I think, are kind of addicted to traveling.
I think with my mouth, and so I've only been out of the English hegemony zone once.
I was in Paris, where they still speak a ton of English.
Of course.
Or at least three pounds of it.
And I was immediately, as I would have predicted, very uncomfortable.
I roll with it.
But the truth is, I'm walking around Paris, and I was like,
I just feel absolutely useless and crippled.
It's my fault, because I never...
I took two years of French, but didn't take...
Oh, no, we all took two years of French.
And never took...
Every other country in the world speaks two languages.
Eiffel Tower looks like a big thing.
Great.
Well, Greg has a great thing.
But I loved Dublin, because they spoke...
Something that I could decipher.
I've learned something from Greg.
Greg and I have traveled around the world a few countries that don't speak English.
And Greg has this great thing.
Greg actually keeps a book with paper in it, and he writes notes down.
And he's a little pages of...
What a cock.
All the...
He writes down notes.
Paper.
Cast your mind out.
It's a surface that, with the pinch zoom function, disabled.
Speaking of which, Greg and I, you and I,
we were stuck in San Luis Obispo Airport for eight hours.
And this little tiny airport with one plane that didn't show up.
And there was a big...
And there was a fucking...
I think I might have talked about this on the show before,
but there was a toddler walking around and haranguing everybody.
And everybody wanted to murder this child.
But you can't, because you're in an airport in 9-11,
and you're fucking...
You can't...
It's the reason you can't.
The reason you can't is 9-11.
Goddamn that 9-11.
In the old days, you could fucking Patriot Act.
You could smoke on the plane, and you could throttle the child.
Thank you.
They're good old days.
And you got off a fucking Hawaii on the Hawaiian Airlines,
and they gave you a lay, and it was sexy, and it was good.
But now you can't kill a three-year-old.
But the little baby had like a news week,
and there was nothing to do in this plane that wouldn't fucking show.
And there was a baby, and we heard this laughter behind us,
and this toddler was looking at a magazine,
and it was trying to iPad it.
It was trying to swipe.
Wow.
And the baby hadn't mastered page-turning technology.
He couldn't understand why he was moving his hand across a thing,
and the surface wasn't changing the image,
and everybody laughed, and I wanted to just vomit tears.
I mean, to be fair, to be fucking fair, though,
not a single person...
Don't be fair to...
Don't coddle this child, Harmon.
No, just to bring back perspective so that we don't feel like the world is falling apart
because of that, because that makes me feel queasy, too.
But then you have to remember that not a single person in this room...
I say that now, I'm going to make one guy stand up and say,
I know how to do it, but not a single person...
I know how to do it.
Sorry.
Not a single person in this room can make a piece of paper out of a log.
That is technology.
We are as beholden to the guy that invented paper as we are to Steve Jobs' jobs.
Or Job.
The technology...
We build on it, build on it, build on it.
40% of this audience is wearing eyeglasses.
100% of this audience speaks an alphabet that was invented after...
So it's a mimetic society.
It's a genetic one.
Otherwise, we'd be fucking lions or ants.
And so that kid...
Or bees.
That kid that doesn't know how to turn a page and may never turn a page,
he could end up being, you know, president of Earth.
And he did in a futuristic episode I wrote,
and then I had to kill his mother because so he wouldn't be born
in case he made peace that didn't defeat Kim Jong-un.
It's a lot like that Harlan Ellis in the Star Trek episode.
I learned from Greg, we were in Sarajevo.
We were in Yugoslavia or the former Republic of Yugoslavia, whatever the fuck we were.
Fyrom.
That was Macedonia, right?
You guys went to Fyrom?
Fyrom, yeah.
And we went to... God, what was that?
Macedonia was really bad.
Kosovo?
Kosovo, yeah.
Are there citizens of Fyrom called Thyroids?
Yes.
It's Fyrom, the former Yugoslavian Republic of Macedonia.
But Greg has a little piece of paper and he writes it down,
all the pleases and thank yous.
Hello, how do you do?
Sorry, good day.
You write those things down, and you don't have to know everything
when you travel to a foreign place.
If you walk in, you go dobrodon, and they go like...
Dobroverche.
Yeah, and they freak out.
And Greg's like, I use that all the time.
Whenever I go anywhere, I make sure I know how to say all the polite things
that you can walk in.
You learn how to stay, what is it?
Steimer.
Yeah.
I did a show, which means like, what's up, what kind of...
Like, what's happening?
And like...
Correct.
Cerebral creation.
And so I was in Chicago, I did a gig with Luceva Voom,
and I met some people and they took me to a club
and it was run by these giant Eastern European guys
who hated my guts on site.
I went with this girl who they knew
and they didn't like me at all, but they were...
They were like six, seven, a giant hockey player looking dudes
in suits, and they wanted to murder me.
And they were either Serbian or Croatian,
but you can't guess wrong on that one.
Like, if you think about an option.
Yeah, if you think like, guessing wrong on Kiwi versus Ozzy,
like, that's not...
No.
You know, Japanese and Chinese, they love that.
Yeah.
They're like, no, no, you got it wrong.
Same difference.
Yeah.
These guys hated my guts, they were giants,
and they just were like, just glowering at me,
and I went up to one of them,
and they wouldn't let me buy a drink,
they wanted me out of there,
and it was really like,
they were being really hostile and strange,
and I said, are you Croatian?
Just guessed.
Do you know what?
I had a 50-50 and he goes,
I mean, assuming I was even right about that,
because his name was like Draco.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, something like that.
Gragula, yeah.
I will bury you.
His name was Milo, or something like that.
I said, are you Croatian?
He goes, big, long pause.
It felt like about a minute.
And he was like, yes.
And I went, because of Greg,
I went, Steimer.
And he goes, what the fuck?
Because of who?
What does it mean?
You know what your answer to Steimer is?
Niste speciale.
Nothing special?
Nothing special, man.
Are you saying you learned how to say no worries, bro?
Yes, yes.
He went over to his buddies,
and he goes, go, go, go, go, go, go, go,
go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
I could not get my wallet out of my pocket.
They would not let me leave the club.
Drinks were on them for the rest of the night.
They took your wallet out of your pocket?
No, no, they wouldn't let me get my wallet out of my pocket.
Oh, okay.
They pulled my pants down.
They put their penises in my asshole.
I had the, I mean,
Long story short, the next morning,
Naked with nothing to worry about.
They were such friendly racists.
Long story short,
they fucked me into the dirt.
That's what we learned in Game of Thrones, yeah.
Oh, fuck you into the dirt.
That episode almost went fucking wow.
You know who we do to runners, don't you?
No, I don't.
Tell me. You bring them back.
I said, fuck you into dirt.
What the hell? What?
No, not fuck you into dirt.
We're going to fuck you into the dirt.
They're not going to make you dirt.
I missed this episode. What is that?
That was two episodes ago.
Did you watch Game of Thrones? No.
Oh, fuck man. Do they fuck people into dirt?
No, they didn't.
But they threatened to fuck a guy into the dirt.
Spoilers, this is two episodes ago.
But yeah, then a guy came along
and shot a bunch of dudes with arrows.
But at one point, I'm going to fuck you into the dirt.
What? Jesus.
That's saying a lot.
But don't say too much, because there are some people
that will be a couple episodes behind.
But I swear to God, like,
I fucking went into...
Did we talk about this in the show?
Greg and I were doing a gig at a casino.
And I'm wandering around in the daytime.
The show is not until night.
I walked by and there's Greg sitting at a slot machine.
And he's sitting there like a little old lady.
His legs are crossed.
He's been there for a while.
And it was the sex in the city slot machine.
Oh, yeah.
And I almost disowned you as a friend.
I'm not gay.
And I make no case for it.
It was the best slot machine.
I won a couple hundred off that fucker, too.
They'd go like...
Samantha has to pick a pair of shoes.
No.
And then, like, which shoes will it be?
And I'm like, oh, God, the pumps
or the fucking sling box.
Oh, shit.
Sling box.
And then Mr. Big would go...
Nice choice.
All right, wait.
Let's get Spencer up here
and play some Dungeons & Dragons.
Spencer Crinton and...
Summon yourself.
Spencer, baby.
Dungeon Master to the stars.
There's no chair.
I'll stand. I'll sit.
He walks to the black table,
his beard wagging,
his community t-shirt making Dan Harmon
feel sad.
That's not a joke.
I can't wear blue shirts to work,
because when I'm leaving, people will be like,
help me, and I'm like, no.
He works at the Apple Store.
But isn't that your fantasy
as a back rumor?
No, because they'd still be mistaken
and then they'd be like, oh, that guy didn't help.
Oh, man.
When I worked in food service,
I worked in the dishroom, and then they promoted me
to work the front line of the rehab center
where I was doing dishes.
And I...
My raise was a quarter an hour.
And after a week,
I went to the manager and I said,
I want to wash dishes again.
I can't...
I can't deal with the people.
That was my whole thing, yeah.
I thought it was going to be a dream,
like, oh, instead of washing the dishes,
I get to make the dishes dirty.
I get to put their mashed potatoes on the plate.
But you have to talk to the people.
Their psychological dishes were not done.
And if you would point that out,
a counselor would say, that's inappropriate.
It's not inappropriate,
and you don't have a psychology degree.
You have a counselor at a private rehab center
that's draining insurance money.
And then you're sending anorexics home.
I've been putting polycos in their apple juice
for six months,
and their insurance ran out.
They're walking home a human skeleton.
It's a fattener
that they use to keep anorexics from dying
while they suck their bank accounts dry.
Wow.
Anyways, I'm going to write a letter
to a 1993 senator.
That's good.
Shut that place down again.
Why don't you write a movie like Upton Sinclair that shit
if I can blow the lid off?
Because I'm sure that everything's changed now.
Did the anorexics know that you're putting this
into their apple juice?
No, they did not, sir. No, they did not.
Instead of polyglots, I eat a lot of racist pieces.
Sometimes Oreo bits.
I was in charge of...
I would have to watch the people
from the anorexic unit
because they had an open cafeteria
that would hide their jello
behind the juice machine.
And I had to go.
It was an 18-year-old pimply-faced guy
with a rat tail.
I was in charge of going,
hey, Veronica, come on, hey.
Saiya, put your jello behind the...
I don't put my jello behind the thing.
Hey, come on.
I'm making $3.75 an hour.
Which was a raise from the $3.50 an hour
that I raced back to
after one week on the line,
as we called it.
But they drink the apple...
Is that a thing where they would drink
the anorexics love apple juice?
They think it's just apple juice.
I'm dumping like fucking like
liquid turkey stuffing in it.
Invisible, odorless, flavorless,
a caloric booster in it.
Which is their nightmare.
It's like curing a
conspiracy theorist by
getting together with the government.
It's not...
It can't be healthy.
It's their fantasy come true.
If they find out...
Because I was like, do they know
we're putting fucking fat
in their apple juice
to keep their bodies from dying
while you have them draw pictures of themselves
in finger paint?
No, they don't, and we'd really appreciate it if you...
Keep a lid on that, like you keep a lid
on the mayonnaise.
You minimum wage
to food service worker.
Thanks for helping us with people's brains
for our living.
Let's play some D&D.
Yeah!
How you been, Spencer?
How am I...
What's new in crittendome?
Crittendome.
I don't know, man.
Um...
Nothing?
Yeah, yeah.
We started playing.
We started an actual D&D campaign
at Dan's crib.
Yeah.
Non-televised, non-podcasted.
I'm very excited about it.
I wore a little costume last time
and no one else did.
Turns out you're not supposed to wear a costume to...
Yeah, you are.
You, yes, please keep doing it.
My costume is on a rack
and on a hanger for tomorrow night
and it's going to be...
I went into a thrift store
because I went to go buy a little...
I went to a stationery store
because I wanted like a little notebook
so I walked in there and it was kind of a nerdy dude
working at the mailboxes
whatever the place was.
I go, do you have any blank books or journals?
Yeah, we got some over here, we got some over there.
I go, I'm looking for one...
D&D, you just write this way.
And I was like, oh,
that's the jazz right there.
And then, so we're talking about this
and I got some Post-it notes
and I got my little folder to put my character sheet in.
I was very excited about it.
It felt like the first day of school.
And next door to the place is a thrift store
and I went to the ladies section.
It turns out you can get a nice little
halfling rogue costume in there.
I came out and nobody wanted to help me.
They were so bummed out.
I told all the hipster girls
and they were like, oh look, I'm playing D&D
and I'm a halfling rogue
and I'd like something maybe like a little
vest or like they didn't give a shit.
But then I came out in my outfit and they were like,
that's the stuff.
Are you going to dress up?
Yes, anything to support this gateway
that you're going through.
I want you to
end up where you want to end up
if you need me to...
I want to dress up too.
I was at your place half way before you came home
and you were at the table rolling dice
and looking at your book and doing stuff
and we'd spoken a few times before you realized
that I was wearing a costume.
Yeah, I mean you were...
Let's get Erin out here
and...
Erin McGathy to the stage.
Erin McGathy.
The return of Mulrainee Sidhanna.
I'm glad you could take your time
out of your busy cake making schedule.
I was talking about a cake making with Danielle.
I almost couldn't be bothered
to come out because I was talking about my cake tip.
I made a cake for Duncan
for his birthday. It was amazing.
I've been eating it by myself
in my house.
Just scooping big chunks
of chocolate cake
and watching...
birds.
But it was delicious.
How long does it take to make a cake like that?
Four days.
No, not really.
I love it.
Well, I've learned how to multi-task.
So it takes
30 minutes
for the cake to bake in the oven
and it takes about 4 minutes for me to mix.
I use a mix. I use a box.
Well, I never said it otherwise.
I'm just doing it because
I like decorating my cake.
We have
Thrones Night at my place,
our place, every
week.
We're three weeks in a row
and you started with a Dinklage that looked like Cobain.
Then it was a
Jon Snow that looked a lot like Jon Snow.
And last night
your Game of Thrones cake
had the...
Daenerys.
Look, man.
You're getting...
I bought some fondant.
Who loves fondant?
Where for fondant?
What is fondant?
Fondant is
sugar clay. It's clay made out of sugar.
It's a hagiographic
suitcase.
You give it to anorexics.
And they
don't know they're being fed it.
All right, Dan, will you dispense
the character sheets?
I would be glad to. Thank you, sir.
Tonight, Duncan will be portraying
Kumail's character, Chris de Burgh.
Yeah, you're Chris de Burgh. You wrote the song Lady in Red
and performed it. Okay.
He's a human rogue, thief? What does he, Spencer?
He's a human rogue.
Spencer, I love when you're in character.
Yeah.
The thing is...
The thing nobody realizes is I'm
always a character. You are.
I just switch it up.
It's not funny. It's not meant
to be funny. That's the honest truth.
Again, not funny.
Thank you.
That time it was funny.
When you start dungeon mastering, you don't
become a different Spencer. You just become
a more resident.
You become a little bit more mellifluous.
Yes, I do.
Can I carve
a message into my skin for Kumail
the next time?
Yeah, do it.
Fuck with him for sure.
Great.
I mean, there's a lot of
whatever.
It's like phone jacking.
This is great.
Whatever Aaron's not here, Jeff fucks
something that Aaron owns.
It happened one time.
Last time I fucked and murdered a spider.
That was fucking weird.
I mean, as I
listened to that, it was like that was as weird
as I remembered it.
A guy
turned into a spider.
It was my fault, but
and we
brutalized it out of self-defense
slash.
It attacked us.
You guys kept trying to bring it back to life
and make friends with it.
And you
had, I put a blanket over it's head
because I thought we were going to have
kill it and I was like, I'm sorry
we did this to you.
You had sex with it and whispered in
its ear
we're going to let you live.
But he did that while the spider
was asleep.
But there were some
circuitous conditional statement.
We're going to let you live, but I'm going to fuck you every night.
I'm going to fuck you every night.
And then you killed it.
Look, you're like Ted Bundy.
I was putting
it was a commentary
on the chaos
that preceded that.
It was a commentary on the
we kept hurting it and then trying to save it
and trying to save it. So I
fucked it, told it I was going to fuck it forever.
Are we actually playing now?
I mean, you can call it a commentary.
You became the BTK
killer.
I'm a barbarian.
I'm a barbarian, Dan.
I'm whimsical.
All right.
Spencer, if you would, get us up to speed.
When we last met
our heroes were following
the mysterious wanderer Breffi
into a web slung stand of black
pillars on the mysterious
and dark shadow plane.
Immediately after fleeing a forest fire
set off by Sharpie's Fireball
the wizard
blasted the new webby obstacle
the shreds with the second fireball.
Upon doing this
Breffi fell to his knees and began
shape-shifting into a monstrosity.
After a brief discussion
the gang left into action.
Mulraine fired arrows and quarked
detached three limbs with a single critical strike.
Then a monkey was summoned
or a fiendish ape or something.
Christopher sued the savage Breffi
who surrendered rather anticlimactically.
Feeling the intense bloodlust from the
unsatisfying and peaceful end of combat
the barbarian expressed himself in the only way he could.
Violence and sexual devious.
After promising the clearly unconscious
shape-shifter his life would be spared
quark drove his sword directly through the spider skull
mid-coitus
bringing an end to his miserable, tormented life.
But with their guide
and the only ally they had on the
shadow plane murdered
how would they recover their shadows and return home?
Spencer!
Yes!
Shit.
I stand by my actions.
You were only cleaning up a mess I made.
I experienced the, you know,
I was feeling like we had been moving too slowly
like I started casting
fireball everywhere.
Yeah, you were willy-nilly.
It made sense given the circumstances.
You wouldn't have known.
You know, you were trying to make momentum.
I don't know.
Whatever.
Okay, so well, what's the state of affairs
around us right now?
Well, right now I should at first mention
Sharpie, you're out of level three spells.
So you have level one and two spells left
but you have to like sleep a whole night
before you regain your level three spells.
But I'm level five. That's true.
Level five spells?
No, it's weird. It's like, you're weird.
I would never deny that.
The answer to your question, Greg, is never.
What?
I said the answer to your question is never.
Thank you.
There's only two answers.
If you're in the Navy and two, never.
That was one of those moments where no one else
was thinking the same thing you were.
Well, because you asked when we were starting
and you were unhappy.
No, I'm not unhappy at all. I'm ecstatic.
Oh, did you have a heart out? Did you need to go?
No.
I had a door to smoke some pot, but we'll wait.
Me too.
Thank you.
If we had a vaporizer, we could do it right indoors.
Great.
Thanks to the young woman who played
Mollering last week. It was great.
She fired two arrows.
Hi, how are you?
Good, all right.
Thank you for having me.
She fired two arrows and...
Correct.
All right, Spencer, I examine the surroundings.
Standing in the burned ruins of the ebb and thicket,
you survey your surroundings.
The burned webs are slick and shiny on the remains
of the crumbled pillars burnt by spent fireballs.
You've created a pretty large clearing
from all the fire,
and where before was a large
vision obscuring barrier of weapons.
Webbing, you can now see clearly.
And through the graph,
through the gap, you can see
a ripply waving mass
far off in the distance.
But to the south, you hear the approaching of hooves.
Oh, shit.
Boom, boom, boom.
Ah!
What? Tylenol with codeine?
What are you doing here?
Ah!
Why the flaming balls
of Kathy Lee Gifford?
Once again, I find
myself in your company
for my entire forest has been
decimated,
burneted to the ground, says I.
What villains are
these who would come to my homeland?
The place where I was folid,
the place where my horn did
grow.
I am, of course, a unicorn
and therefore immortal, but the place
where I did once stride upon
my four legs
unbelievably
has now been
rendered useless, and I find myself
in another dimension.
This one with you,
greetings, hail,
and salutations, says I.
Word up!
Yo, pretty ladies,
around the world,
I see that thou art gathered,
and thou art still as ugly
and hunched as I remember,
whilst I remain beautiful,
pristine white
with a golden horn
that's spiraled toward the heaven.
Tellin' em,
how come ye to the shadow plain?
The shadow place I must cometh to,
in order that the place
where I am frometh
is burned fucketh down.
I feel like,
I feel like I might have done that.
To be serious?
It was an ascident.
Thou art my brother, did we not swear?
I swore, I didn't.
We're on a shadow plain.
I think I cast fireball,
and I think things we do here
may affect other places.
I made a poo-poo.
Surely, twas not, malfeasance on thine part?
I...
You will find
that within a unicorn
with two things, one,
a member extravagant and wild,
and two, a heart that
encompasseth all.
Forgiveness I bestow upon
all of thee, for destroying the land
I am from.
Thank you.
Tellin' em, we've lost our shadows.
Our shadows were ripped apart from us,
and they ran off into the middle darkness.
The fuck thou say?
The fuck, the fuck I don't say.
Shadows not have thee?
No, we're in the shadow plain.
They up and ran.
Inconvenient most I find this.
Even in the brightness of thine noon day,
find thou no shadow
to follow thee upon the ground.
No.
Guys, I don't feel good.
I don't feel...
I don't feel like myself right now.
Christopher, what is it?
I don't know, I just... I don't really...
I think I have some form of amnesia,
perhaps in this battle,
something happened to me, because I have this
compulsion at this moment
to start slicing off
my own fingers.
Oh my god.
Don't do it.
Oh, Jolie of Angelina from the 90s.
Thou art but a cutter.
Yes, it's cutting, you know?
I just... I want to carve...
I mean, I'm just going to show you guys,
I can't get this thought out of my mind.
I'm just going to carve it into my arm,
and then we'll get back to finding our shadows.
So I pull out my dagger,
wipe the poison off,
and I carve into my arm.
Wipe that poison, dagger.
I go,
I carve into my arm.
Something very strange
that doesn't make sense, probably,
to any of us.
I carve into my arm.
How can you have a video game podcast
and not play
Starcraft 2?
Wow.
That's some strange cryptic...
I don't know what it means.
I just wanted to do it.
Perochild, I vent.
I have horn plus 11,
and 1d8 plus 10 damage.
Can I help in that respect?
You could stab him with your horn.
It wouldn't help, it would hurt.
Stab me with your horn, unicorn!
Since Thou demanded that,
shall I yes?
Snorf...
Snorf is the noise that make it
when my horn doth stab it then to thine.
No!
Sharp!
It's somehow satisfying.
Honing for many days, have I been?
Me too.
Chris, may I offer up
my bedroll and some flint and steel,
so you may write a note?
No, I already carved it into my arm.
It's there, I could use a bandage.
I'm bleeding a little bit,
but it's there. I think it's going to scar permanently.
That's on me permanently.
You guys, stop!
This shadow plane is driving us insane.
Spencer, how far off is that shimmering, wavy
thing up ahead?
It's about 50 feet away.
There's a couple pillars in front of it
obscuring it, but it's mostly
in plain view.
I hop a stride Tylenol with codeine,
and I say, on Tylenol to the shimmery mouth.
Oh, barbarian, Thou hast mounted me once again.
And fulfill, do I feel,
prance, prance, toward the light,
do I thigh?
Follow closely, shall ye,
even you with moderate wounds,
that I shall heal, because I have the power.
Don't heal, don't heal, doesn't need healing.
Okay, fuck it.
Needs no healing, go kind,
unicorn, will you?
Oh, thou masochist lie, we'll let
thy wallow in thy pain.
Skip, skip, and prance,
and here we are.
You head towards the
undulating black barrier.
It wavers and ripples slowly,
like a massive black ooze.
I'll say.
But appears to be the sh-
Steady boy, steady.
Steady.
But appears to be in the shape of a
massive iron, or a wrought iron fence
made out of thick, shifting shadows.
I shove my arm in it.
You shove your arm in it.
Sweet Maria!
Oh!
Your arm, like, into the shadow part,
or the space between the shadow part?
Well, now I feel bad, I don't do it.
No, do it, just follow your arm.
I shove my arm into the shadow part.
You shove your arm into the shadow part,
and it strikes with a clang,
like metal.
It's metal.
It appears that, or it sounds that way,
it doesn't appear that way, it appears like shadows.
I shove my arm in three times,
and it goes clang, clang, clang.
With a trolley
ding, ding, ding,
with a bell.
Zing, zing, zing.
Easy tellin' all, easy boy.
Not gay am I, but
case not, I make for it.
Silently, you see
what appears to be
several black tendrils shooting out of the ground
beneath the wall.
They connect
with your feet and wrap up your arms
and legs, and you feel yourself
bound, you and Chris de Burgh.
Who and Chris de Burgh?
Quark and Chris de Burgh, the ones who
shoved their hands through the fence there.
Ah, I'm trapped! Just kill me, unicorn!
Can't I use my dodge ability
to get away from that? Not in this case,
because you were like reaching into it.
Don't I have any power in this instance?
You could
stab someone with your horn.
Um, although shadows
that doff
beleaguered my friends,
shall I
point my fuckin' horn out?
Scrunch, scrunch.
Take that, oh,
shadow.
And fuck it off into the night, thee.
You strike the shadow,
but it does not waver. What the fuck?
Fuck!
Bad unicorn luck dot.
So, Mulraine and Sharpie are seeing this
happen, you know, about 30 feet away.
Sharpie? Yeah, right.
Appli Pauley Lodge is?
Is Coco a shadow still?
Is she in a nearby? Yeah, Coco's still shadow Coco.
You're with her.
Coco's her horse, Greg. Does Coco feel
jealous
of Tylenol Coding?
Just paying Coding a lot of attention.
Oh, well, I mean,
yeah.
But, but you wouldn't be able to know
by looking at it. Coco's my horse.
And I, yeah, and I, I, I fucked her
horse once or twice. He, he raped my horse.
Yeah, she's, to be sure.
All right, so it's a,
it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's a
fence shaped thing that's like shadowy.
It's like a shadowy fence, and I was
at the bottom of it. Well, I mean, you
haven't. Is it, how high is it?
It's 30 feet tall. There's a large
gate set in it.
Yeah. But if I touch it, there's going to be
tendrils on me. I mean, you don't know
that for sure. You didn't say that.
Is, is this a time for the rope tracker?
What's up? Is this a good time for my
rope tracker? Well, they are, it is a
visible fence. Oh, I see.
I'll tell you what it's time for.
Um,
will soon be a new favorite among my spell
things.
Well, wait, you said I have
no level three spells. No level three
spells? Yeah, man, you run out of spells
sometimes.
I, I, I motion, I motion to sleep for
eight hours. Sorry, what?
I'm sorry. I, I motion to Sharpie
to ride over to the fence
on Coco. What do I have left?
You have all your level one and two spells,
just not the level threes.
You get three of those per
day. Perhaps the
shadow rope is susceptible
to blood. I bite
my own tongue and
and spit
the blood at the shadow
rope. Does, does it affect it at all?
Awesome thinking.
For those of you keeping track at home,
Christopher is now inflicted 18
points of damage on himself.
How many does he have left?
Wait, I don't want to die.
I would like to formally thank again
the young woman who played me last week.
I, I however can cure moderate
wounds. Don't bother.
There are other things to worry about.
Don't kill Kamal's character. I'm not
going to kill him. I'm just going to
drain him a bit.
I've got
50 hit points. There's plenty
left to spare. Alright, fuck it.
I, I seem to
Sorry.
Yeah.
I love it. That's a romantic comedy.
I
I seem to have found a spell
under level one called
Ha, jump, jump,
jump, jump, jump, jump, jump, jump, jump
Hey, casting jump, your legs are
wrapping around my neck. Over 30 feet
of fence.
Jump, jump, jump, jump.
Go ahead and jump.
Right. Over 30 feet of fence.
Over 30 feet of fence.
I see you 30 feet of fences.
That ain't really, that ain't right on me.
Oh,
And it doesn't matter that you
You bribe me with spells from level three!
Howl, cause I'm gonna cast jump!
Jump!
Might as well jump!
Over the fence!
Sing, sing, sing with my heartstrings!
From the moment I met him, I fell, he said, alone.
Oh, yeah, that happens.
You jump over the fence.
You're now on the other side of the fence.
Yow!
Sharpie, can you hear me?
Can you disentangle me and Chris de Burgh from these shadow tendrils?
You don't have to disentangle me, I'll just stay here, you guys go ahead.
Lady in red!
Well I don't, I'm hoping that from the other side I can get the gate open.
Oh I see, okay.
I didn't want to touch it from the other side, yeah, good idea.
Get to work, Jack.
What were you gonna do there, Mulrainee?
I was going to take my sack.
I detest when anyone even nibbles at my sack.
Steady.
I was gonna take my sack and loop through some of my rope and create a shadow gate
retriever.
Okay.
Which does?
It gets anyone out of any kind of gate.
And I throw it at Chris.
I also say, Chris, can I have some of your stuff?
Yeah, what do you want?
Yeah, sure, I got, let's see, hold on.
You know what, just take it all, you just take it all.
It seems like I've got a, hold on a second, these, I'm sick of you.
You said you were gonna weaken him, not give away all your shit.
This week, that's, I'm gonna give you, pick one thing, pick, the unicorn is sensitive,
pick one thing.
Of course I'm sensitive, I'm a unicorn.
You don't want any of my stuff?
You don't want any of my stuff, Cody?
I need, nothing need I, I am completed every moment.
I throw my sack over, over Chris.
It lands over Chris.
And I yank him out, I try, I attempt to yank him out.
Fuck howdy.
Let's see here, that's a weird thing to have happen.
His neck doesn't snap.
The bag slides off his head and you know, it doesn't, nothing happens.
I'm sharpie, so are you at the gate, right?
Yeah, I go to that gate.
So now, and I was thinking of casting knock, but I can't tell, because I think I lost one
of my spell sheets.
Yeah, I must have lost it.
I can't tell if knock is a level two spell.
Knock's a level two, two spell.
Okay, I was gonna try to cast knock on it without touching it.
I don't want to touch this stuff.
Was it knock open?
Yeah, yeah.
With a loud knocking sound, knocking, with a loud sound, the gate is blasted open.
Immediately, your binds are dissolved and you can free your limbs again.
Thank God.
But you hear a sound behind you, Sharpie, coming out of the, you know, the sound behind
you.
Words, words are a thing.
I turn around and examine my surrounded bit behind me.
You see six shadowy humanoids approaching.
Uh oh.
Oh, I hold my hand up in friendly greeting.
One of them holds their hand up.
It appears to be the shape of a blade.
Wait what?
One of them holds their hand up.
It appears to be the shape of her blade.
Yeah, what's your armor class?
Their hand.
I'll answer that in one second.
You said their hand is the shape of a blade?
Like, like Ryan Reynolds character from the Wolverine movie?
Like, yeah.
Alright.
Or they're just holding a sword.
No, it's the shape of a blade.
It's like muted into a blade.
Definitely muted into a blade.
And it strikes you dealing 12 damage.
My armor class, by the way, is a million.
I can cure medium wounds.
That's true.
Definitely you can.
Can I, uh, is, is, am I able to hide in the shadows?
Um, you can try, definitely.
No, only Stevie Nicks is.
You attempt to conceal yourselves in the shadows.
Hopefully the shadowy figures will see you.
I will cure you with my medium healing wound healing powers.
Let me squat upon thine face and dispense the mucus that does make one whole again.
Okay, 19 hit points of damage.
Wow.
To me?
Yeah, that brings you back to full health.
Oh, oh, you can, oh, okay.
Thank you.
Welcome back.
Your dreams were your ticket out.
Does anyone have a, have a, have a sheet in their stuff that's, that has level two
spells on it?
Are you fucking joking?
I have a piece of fucking graphite paper here with me.
Not me.
How many of these shadow warriors are there?
Uh, there's six of them.
I fire two arrows.
You know, now you can fire three arrows.
Oh really?
Yeah.
What did that happen?
Uh, you got a magic bow.
Whoa.
I fire three arrows.
So I'm going to spin two arrows for so long.
Wait, while she fires the arrows, I quickly use my knife to pry off three of my fingernails.
And then I, I do a, I try to do a backstab on one of the shadow beings.
Do you hate Camel, not Gianna?
I don't, I love Camel, I don't like his character.
Oh, it'd be so funny if you hated Camel.
Two of the arrows plant themselves in the figure dealing, uh, nine damage, um, at the
same time you attempt your backstab maneuver, but, uh, it doesn't seem to go as planned.
They smile in your face all the time they want to.
All right, so, so, uh, what, what is the arrangement of these, uh, these figures?
Where are they standing in relationship tests?
There's about three that are up on Sharpie and he's inside this gate and you guys are
outside this gate and then there's three farther back.
Didn't he bust the gate open?
He did from the inside, but they're farther inside.
So can I come through the gate?
Definitely.
Okay.
I, I, I jump through the gate and take a, and I do a flaming sword attack on the, on
the nearest, uh, uh, figure.
That happens.
With your flaming sword, you charge directly towards the, the most menacing of the shadow
shapes and slice, an incredible slice across the dark foe dealing some damage.
Oh shit.
Oh, that was almost off the table.
Dealing 16 damage.
Yeah.
I can't wait to find out what the non-conflict resolution of this encounter would have been.
I know, we brought you a shadow cake.
The guy, the guy had a sword for a hand, right?
The lead shadow falls.
All I did was jump over his tendril having shadow fence and open the door.
The rest of the shadows pour out.
They actually flow past Sharpie and directly towards Mulraine and Chris.
May I summon a magical beast?
After this you can.
Can I apologize?
Can I kick some mighty fucking dick?
All of those things can happen in due time, ladies and gentlemen.
Let me get some attack rolls out of the way, it'll be a blast.
Are you okay?
No.
Yeah, yeah, I'm, I'm fine, I'm having the best time, objectively.
Anyway, two of the shadow creatures approach Mulraine and Chris and strike deadly blows
on their arms and legs with their bladed limbs, dealing some damage.
Oh shit.
Mulraine takes 15 damage and Christopher takes 9.
The other two shadows, one of their limbs become hazy and smoky like hazy and smoke.
And their limbs, and the smoke that they, you know, they have for their now limbs flows
directly into the throat of a quark as if attempting to strangle them.
You feel a dark presence invade your body.
It won't be the last time.
Oh shit.
Now with that costume on.
You feel yourself choking and like it's getting harder to move, but otherwise you're not affected.
And I mean you're choking, but yeah.
All right.
Can I respond to that or do I, who moved first?
I think it was, I think this is Mulraine's turn now.
Uh, I summon magical beast.
Okay.
So you can summon some sort of magical beast with that.
Shadow Eater.
Nope.
Close.
Let's edit this out, this whole thing.
She can't summon a squid.
That's the thing.
Dire rat, eagle, monkey, octopus, owl, porpoise, snake, wolf.
Porpoise.
Summon the porpoise.
I think I just always want aquatic creatures to be summoned to terrestrial space.
You really have 4chan message board.
Like you just want to see suffering.
You just want to watch a creature die in front of you.
You can imagine that without us doing anything.
It's not visually happening.
Uh, because this creature reads to me as the most magical beast.
The most fearless.
And uh, maniacal, I summon the monkey.
Nice.
With a snap of your fingers and a wave of your arms, a monkey leaps into existence.
Cover me when I sleep.
Cover me.
Nobody?
Peter Gabriel?
Don't you know you got us?
He appears as if he was like jumping through the air.
Yeah, he jumps like, he dissolves into existence, jumping directly onto one of the shadow creatures
and is now on his head trying to like beat him or like pummel him or rip his hair out.
But it's not, it's not going so well.
It's not doing any damage.
It tickles me.
I remember my first time summoning a monkey.
I was 13 the first time I summoned the monkey.
Oh boy.
I was in the bathroom and my mom was like, get out of there.
What are you doing?
I yell out encouragingly, uh, go marbles, go!
Marbles!
That happens.
Yeah, that happens.
It's Chris's turn.
Go marbles, go.
Is our goal to delight these foes into a submission?
Does he have a little hat on?
Yeah, put a birthday hat on him.
I just love the juxtaposition of Spencer in a bad mood so serious and having to say,
you summon a monkey.
He appears.
I'm not in a bad mood, you guys.
No, I know.
I'm sorry, Spencer.
I'm sorry.
No, don't be sorry.
It's okay.
What did the monkey do to the shadow things?
He didn't do any damage.
Well, you delighted them.
He delighted them.
Yeah, it certainly was entertaining for all of us.
They called their wives and told them that they loved their wives, their shadow wives.
That's what happened.
I'm watching an ape named Marbles try to attack me.
I just wanted to make sure you're okay, darling.
I'll be home after eight.
So it's Chris's turn.
That's Duncan.
Oh, sorry.
Well, I eat a high cost for all breakfasts.
Have we hurt any of these things at all?
I knocked one down, right?
Yeah, you cut one down.
It's not moving.
So I go to that being and try to give him CPR.
No, I'm just kidding.
I don't do that.
Maybe we should run.
Does it seem like we can run you guys?
Why don't we just run?
Jump upon my back, all of you, and you on cocoa and whatnot.
And I could throw my blinding bombs at the shadow beast,
and then we'll just get the fuck out of here.
Most of that plan is good other than the fact that only two people can fit on.
I've been running my whole life.
I'll stay behind as a distraction.
You guys go.
Leave him. He is too slow, for he is Kamal's character,
and shall live to die another day.
Well, we have shadow cocoa, too, right?
Oh, yeah.
So that's four people?
Yes.
Fuckin' let's do it.
Not runnin'!
Why?
I feel a monologue coming on.
Jump upon my back, be not shy.
What if Hitler had run from...
The World War II would have been six months instead of five and a half years.
He did. He killed himself.
The first example off the top of my head, wrong one to grab.
Okay, shitty example.
What if everyone Hitler fought had run?
What if George Washington ran from the Delaware?
What if dirt ran from itself?
What if the sky would be made of dirt?
He's right!
What if...
He's right, he's right.
We should stay and fight these invincible shadow beings.
He's right. Marble's the monkey out.
After Marble's...
Do I have any fuckin' powers here that I can...
You can stomp on people.
You can stab people with your guard.
Watch me fuckin' work.
Let's go rodeo on these dicks.
Alright.
So you wanna stab him?
Honey, I wanna do everything I can to get out of this.
Great proofs, everybody.
If he's gonna run, then I'm gonna kick ass.
Spencer.
What's up?
Oh, I'm just resolving an attack real quick.
Hold up, you guys.
Terrific.
You deal.
No, no, charging towards one of the shadowy foes.
You strike them directly with your horn, dealing 16 damage.
Alright.
That is precisely what I'm talking about.
What?
Mic bump.
Bump.
Was there a question?
So how many foes are left now?
Let me know when it's my turn.
There's still five.
Jesus Christ.
Wait, I didn't get to throw my blinding bombs.
That's true.
I thought you changed your mind up.
I did.
I could still throw the...
You could throw all sorts of stuff, man.
Oh, okay.
Throw the blinding bombs and then let's kick ass.
I throw to create a distraction.
I take just like one small hit from one of my vials of acid and throw three smoke bombs.
Do I...
I throw three blinding bombs at the shadow beasts.
Throwing three blinding bombs at the feet of the shadow beasts.
It just sounds like a euphemism that a drunk uncle would use at Thanksgiving.
Let me throw one of my blinding bombs on you.
This is the worst Thanksgiving ever.
I feel hurdy.
That's just the blinding bombs.
I don't know what's happening.
Spencer, if we lose you, we're fucked.
What is happening?
Blinding bombs.
Yeah, no, they work.
The people are blind now.
Oh.
Jump upon my back and Coco's back and let's fuck us off.
I'm not running.
It's not running.
It's called galloping.
Discussion is the better part of valor.
Be not that so proud.
Love has no pride when I call out your name.
And where will we go?
To a place where there's no more shadow people with swords for hands?
Jesus, fuck, you burned my forest to the ground, you cocksucker.
Can't you fucking jump on my back and run with me for a while?
Is it possible, though, that these shadows, if we've vanquished these shadow people,
that we'll get our shadows back?
Or maybe they're the embodiments of our shadows in some way?
Or no, are they just guardians of...
Makes sense to me.
It makes sense.
You're looking at them, they don't seem like they look like your shadows,
but that still might be the case.
Can I give Marbles some of my arrows?
Would you toss them to her?
Oh, it's a shame.
You thought Marbles was a guy?
I did, I did, I did.
I thought he was a plucky little fellow.
I give Madame Marbles five of my arrows and I say,
you know what to do with these.
The idea being that Marbles is going to take those arrows
and stab the shadows in the head.
Because Marbles is very agile.
She's a monkey.
That's true.
But she identifies as male gender-wise, but her sexuality is female.
What's happening?
Arrows?
Marbles is going to try to stab five shadows with five arrows.
Marbles has something to prove.
As it happens, Marbles doesn't have anything to prove.
Anyway, you give her the arrows,
but she doesn't seem very confused.
What is happening?
A good time.
So Marbles doesn't have anything to prove.
So, side question, with these magical beasts,
do they have no wants or they're just fucking animals?
Or do they have personalities?
I don't know.
Can you just tell me how Marbles felt?
I said she didn't have anything to prove.
Yeah.
That's a possession.
Something to prove, right?
Well, I was thinking like, I don't know,
like Marbles' parents said,
hey Marbles, you'll never mount to anything.
You'll never murder a shadow creature.
Well, it brings up an interesting question.
What are some of these beasts?
Where do they come from?
They come from an alternate plane, actually, yeah.
Where they're just hanging out?
Do they have lives of their own?
Yeah, they have it, and then they get pulled through,
and then they're confused,
and they attack whatever looks the most threatening.
So Marbles might have had something to prove, maybe.
But you're saying that Marbles doesn't.
I'm saying, you know, I'll redact that
and say there's no way of knowing.
Should I fuck Marbles?
Yes.
Let's make sure that Marbles has something to prove.
I'm only asking.
I'm going to.
I'm saying, should I or should I not fuck Marbles?
I can't say what you should or shouldn't do.
Can I say something?
Yes.
If you're gonna fuck the monkey, will you fuck me first?
Yes!
All right.
I will sever my emotional ties with Marbles.
You know what, actually fuck me after you fuck the monkey.
Why waste a chance to get extra-dimensional aids?
Well, yeah.
Right now, Christopher, I like where you're going with this,
but right now we dazzle these shadow figures.
They're blinded right now.
Yep.
That's the time to fuck, my man.
Look, I'm hard as a fucking diamond right now.
Me too.
I would like to cast Charm Person on one of the shadow creatures
when it's my turn, because it's a level one spell.
Charm Person.
It has no effect.
I go into a barbarian rage, I go into a berserk rage.
I jump astride Marbles, and I take out my far sword,
and I go on Marbles, and we run towards him,
and taking out my far sword, I hold it out like a clothesline
and try to slice through all of them,
like I'm cutting down them all, like a bunch of trees.
How big do you think Marbles is?
I was...
Five-five?
Make Ryan-sized?
I guess I could have done a better job.
I was always thinking of Marbles as like a marmoset-sized.
Forget Marbles, I jump astride Tylenol.
I go, Tylenol, it's you and me, baby.
Let's roll.
I jump astride Tylenol's back in a berserker rage,
and I grab a fistful of maine,
and I pull Marbles' torment and I go,
we're gonna go in there.
Two separate people, but we're coming out.
One...
Fucked monkey.
And I give him a little spur, a little boot,
and do his haunches, and I go,
and I un-weald, un-sheath my far sword
and try to slice down the shadow figures.
Okay, so all of this is happening,
but you're still being strangulated by that shadow.
Oh fuck, I forgot about that.
You're choking, but this stuff can still be happening.
So with your far sword strike,
you attempt to attack as many of the shadow creatures
as you possibly can.
At a full gallop, astride Tylenol with codeine.
At a full gallop, astride Tylenol with codeine,
you unleash a far sword blast directly
towards the shadow creatures,
hitting merely two of them.
Oh cock.
That's still good, that's still good.
I don't know why I framed it that way.
Two's great, you guys, dealing 11 damage
and 17 damage.
One of the shadows falls, slain,
the other is still standing,
you're faced with four.
You might want to cover time there.
10-0-3.
You might want to what?
He's saying we're never going to finish this fight.
Let's get out of here.
I say we end on a bang.
Let's pick one of them and not talk about it.
Well done, Barbarian, look at those that you have slain
and the others that are still standing.
Wait, does this mean the game's about to end?
Chris, do you have a sword I can have?
Do I have hair?
Yeah, you have hair.
Before the game ends with my dagger,
I cut all my hair off.
All of it is gone.
I just take swipe chunks with my dagger
and then I give you my, take my hair cutting dagger.
Oh, well, thank you.
I freeze time and do a crazy rap.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo,
Super fly, honey to the money, motherfucker.
Put your mama down and I started to pocket.
Put her in the field and in the sky.
Fuck your mama so low, fuck your mama high.
I'm sorry.
In the background of this rap, keep going, keep rapping.
In the background, I take Christopher's hand
and pull them off into the shadows.
Yes.
Yo, take me out.
Yo, yo, I rap over them as they conjugate
like Richard Gere and Guinevere in First Night.
And I pull them out of the shadows so everyone can watch.
Okay.
Except instead of Sean Connery,
instead of stabbing a sword into the dirt,
am I getting my Arthurian movies mixed?
I just watch them fuck.
And I rap over them, which is what King Arthur didn't do.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo,
I like the shape of your ass thrusting in and out.
I like the way your dimples like to pout.
I like to look at your manly calves.
I like to look at both male halves coming together
to form and draw your knee.
I like to witness sexual heterogeneity.
I like to see your wiener go into a butt.
I like to look at it, but I like to also participate.
So I'm going to drop my pants and masturbate.
I'm going to spread my seed onto the dirt.
And where I come from, that's called starting to flick.
Thank you for coming to Hymen Town, everybody.
We did it.
That was a wrap in Closer.
Thanks for...
That was a bit of an epic.
How about a round of applause for Greg Pruips, everyone?
Duncan Trussell.
Erin McGathy.
Spencer Crittenden.
And of course, everybody here at Meltdown Commons
are making this the best place to do a podcast in the world.
I'm your comptroller, Jeff Davis.
Thank you very much.
One more time for your mayor, Dan Harmon.
We will try and watch the Abominable Dr. Fibes this week
and get back to you, Marcy.
And we're still Monday nights until further notice
until we move to Sunday.
Someone put their character sheet in the ice bucket?
What the fuck?
Thank you for coming, everybody.
We love you all dearly.